h1. IconUtility

The app resizes images into the following iPhone/iPad related icon size;

* Icon.png - 57x57 pixels iPhone app icon.
* Icon@2x.png - 114x114 pixels iPhone app in high resolution.
* Icon-72.png - 72x72 pixels iPad icon.
* Icon-Small.png - 29x29 pixels iPhone settings icon.
* Icon-Small@2x.png - 58x58 pixels iPhone settings icon in high resolution.
* Icon-Small-50.png - 50x50 iPad settings icon.

h2. Related articles

* "IconUtility - a JP blog article":http://blog.boreal-kiss.com/2010/07/14000005.html
* "IconUtility - Mac app to resize images for iPhone/iPad icons":http://blog.boreal-kiss.net/2010/07/iconutility/

h2. Contact

* "http://blog.boreal-kiss.net/":http://blog.boreal-kiss.net/
* "http://twitter.com/borealkiss":http://twitter.com/borealkiss

h2. License

IconUtility is provided under the terms of "the MIT license":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php.

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 boreal-kiss.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.